The news of the defending army's arrival had taken Lord Xavius by some surprise, but it had not made him any less confident of the final outcome. He saw how many of the great ones celestial host flooded through the portal and felt certain that no army arrayed against them could possibly stand long. Soon, the unfit would be cleansed from his world.

Mannoroth led the Legion against the fools and Hakkar was on the hunt, leaving all in the counselor's skilled hands. He peered briefly in the direction of a small alcove near the entrance, wherein he had stored his most recent prize. After news arrived that the defending forces had been decimated, Xavius would take the time to see to his "guest." At the moment, he had far more important things to do.

He returned his attention to the portal, where yet another group of Fel Guard had materialized. They received their instructions from the towering Doomguard left by Mannoroth, then marched to join their bloodthirsty brethren. The scene had repeated itself some dozen times in just the past few minutes, the only difference being that each successive batch of arrivals was larger in number than the last. Now they almost took up the entire chamber.

As the latest troop of Fel Guard passed, Lord Xavius heard Sargeras's glorious voice in his head. The pace increases... I am pleased.

The night elf knelt. "I am honored."

There is resistance already.

"Merely some of the unfit delaying the inevitable."

The portal must be protected...it must not only remain open, but be strengthened more. Soon...very soon...I will come through…

The counselor's heart leapt. The momentous event neared!

Rising, he said, "I shall see that everything is done to prepare the way for you! I swear it!"

He felt a wave of satisfaction...then Sargeras departed his thoughts.

Lord Xavius immediately turned to the array that kept the shield spell functioning. He had inspected it after the intruder's attempt to destroy it and found it intact, but one could never take chances.